hello my name is talita and I'm the
creative director at Marc Anthony salon
we're at a Marc Anthony salon today with
my wonderful client Jennifer and I'm
going to show Jennifer how quick and
easy it is to turn her curly locks into
straight hair and just a few quick easy
steps using our product style straight
and since straightening cream but before
we do that we're going to take Jennifer
over to the sink and get our hair washed
with the style straight shampoo and
conditioner now we're moving on to the
next step we're going to use the style
straight and instant straightening cream
we're going to take a dime sized amount
using the products on my fingertip I'm
going to run it lightly and thoroughly
throughout Jennifer's hair starting at
the root all the way to the ends this
formula penetrates the cortex locking in
moisture infused with hydrolyzed silk
protein to repel humidity and fight
frizz weave towel dried her hair and now
we're moving on to the next step using a
sectioning clip I'm gonna section out a
panel of hair about an inch and a half
wide I'm going to take a natural bristle
round brush and wrap it around
Jennifer's hair starting at the root I'm
going to take my blow-dryer a great tip
is make sure your blow-dryer is always
moving
so we've just finished the first section
of Jennifer's hair I'm gonna Pat the
blow-dryer over to Jennifer I'm going to
section out a next panel of hair wrap
there tightly around the brush and hand
it over to Jennifer
Wow Jennifer one word incredible with
just a few easy styling tips jennifer
has taken her curly hair and made it
into beautiful shiny straight smooth
hair using the style straight and since
straightening cream